hi hi in the doctor fella mysterious
bill good morning if I pick today to fly
hard this would be it never leave I'll
be spitting feathers for a week
well that's what you get for sleeping
with your mouth open he lived a solitary
life behind stone walls
remember Quasimodo yes master this is
your sanctuary
it is the moment you've been waiting for
outside was a world he had only dreamed
of look at that disgusting display yes
sir until he met Esmeralda
well you're not hurt are you no by the
way great mask the woman who would open
his eyes to adventures he never imagined
he's got a friend with him this place
you don't know what it's your car to me
nobody wants to stay cooped up here
forever Tony you're right
oh go way to go lover boy nice well I
gotta share the feeling why women join
the fun
for the whining sit back there Japan
another the adventure
what a woman arrest her how dare you
define I think that counter is in
Walt Disney Pictures presents an all-new
animated motion picture event
the story of one extraordinary human
being she's very lucky to have a friend
like you discovering the magic within
himself
The Hunchback of Notre DOM